That's it for this module. This module we wrote
quite some code,
we had a detailed look at various techniques and features that help you build responsive user interfaces,
most importantly, media query and that the different things you can query there and you can use there to
make sure that your app looks good on different orientations and different screen sizes.
And of course we also had a look at the adaptive, the platform adaptive features where you can render Cupertino
elements or widgets instead of material widgets.
You learned that you sometimes or often have to configure these differently and control space as well as
the official docs are of course your friend when it comes to that.
Now the cool thing is that we still are in one codebase and one project,
the downside of course is that your widgets can get rather large, like this main.dart file here.
Now the solution there again simply is to split your app into widgets, build sub-widgets which you can
use or if possible, build adaptive widgets like here for our FlatButton.
You sometimes also can build responsive widgets which follows the same idea,
like here the adaptive widget but which have their built-in media query to return a differently oriented
or different configured widgets based on the screen size. So you can be really creative there
and as always, splitting your app into widgets is never a bad idea, especially if you get very long build
functions which at some point get hard to navigate,
hard to maintain and hard to understand but the core takeaway of this module of course is to understand
which tools Flutter gives you to adjust your application to different screen sizes and different operating
systems.